Ukrainian sources report that
Russian soldiers dropped into the mine two
Kamaz corpses but here is such a
information is that get off on
I don’t know how dead she is but
there is also such information but you
showed yesterday and cars for
this very
mobile crematoria which already
develops 12 units imagine but
it is clear that I do not know how many corpses are there
destroy in such a climate or but hours 4
no less certainly and more well
therefore it would be necessary here for a long time but also
tells us that before us
get rid of the bodies work with them
transplantologists
now at my height
I am comrades died without waiting
this donor liver right now would probably
brought so much these liver with you
dragged someone from Putin's friends I
I apologize of course for black humor but I
let me so joke in quotes
can now say that there is a hero
Russia don't let me defend it
Novorossia + the card completely protected you
courtney top my heart defended you understand
here
or is there some kind of person
what nationality can say so in
it can meet Russian and
Ukrainian kidney only here in one
I do not understand what nationality
which the
I organized all this laughter and jokes
bad but the way it is
so that the people who are here arut cheers forward
let's fight there so they understand a little
such really
well , you know, to be honest, just
for this reason alone it would be possible
don't go to war no matter how ardent there
say the riot Putin putin was not already
for this reason that they will beat you there
baby will kill so okay not scary
disappear you outraged you a little bit
and in some Putin boyfriend fleece on
your liver is your heart and so on
terribly the same terrible